Make Tudor Crown logo the default (#4740)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Deprecated features

#### Stop using the `useTudorCrown` parameter in the Heading component

> As the GOV.UK logo rollout has ended, the Tudor crown logo is now shown by default and the `useTudorCrown` parameter has been deprecated. We will remove it in the next major release.

Reviewer: As we're planning on releasing this on the 23rd, I suggest we soften this language.

```suggestion
As the beginning of the GOV.UK logo rollout has past, the Tudor crown logo is now shown by default and the `useTudorCrown` parameter has been deprecated. We will remove it in the next major release.
```

Author: Done but for swapping `past` for `passed`, which my spellchecker says is the word that should be there.
